start with my take on resolute a classic
Moroccan spice blend in a dry pan toast
cinnamon cloves coriander fenugreek and
fennel seeds then add mustard seeds and
cumin when the seeds start to pop
they're ready add paprika and grind into
a fine powder for the hummus peel and
chop butternut squash put on a baking
tray and add garlic simply bashed and
chopped ginger
drizzle with olive oil seasoned and
sprinkle over the spice mix
then roast in a hot oven for half an
hour inches soft allowed to cool and
place in a blender
at tahini a nutty pace made from sesame
seeds cooked chickpeas a dash of lemon
juice and a drizzle of olive oil
Flitz into a luxurious and creamy and
textured spice is toasted for maximum
flavor amazing roasted squash hummus